= RdocInfo

A simple Sinatra-based web service that generates and hosts rdocs for GitHub-based projects. Accepts updates from post-commit hooks and regenerates as needed. Public service is hosted at http://rdoc.info

== Configuration

All configuration is done in the <tt>conf</tt> directory via environment yaml files. Copy <tt>development.yml.example</tt> to <tt>development.yml</tt> within that directory and alter the settings to match your local environment.

There are a couple additional steps you'll need to take to get rdoc.info working:

* Install the YARD gem -- see http://github.com/lsegal/yard
* Create a symlink from /public/rdoc to ../rdoc/default

Note that we currently use a customized version of YARD in production that filters potentially unsafe yardoc options such as --query. If you're running DataMapper 0.10.x you'll also need a non-mainline version of dm-is-paginated (check myabc's fork).

Once you've done that you should be ready to rock.

== GitHub Pages Integration

GitHub Pages support has been removed from master as it was proving to be a bit unreliable. Check the github-pages branch.

== Getting Started

  rake gems:install
  rake db:migrate
  ruby bin/run.rb

== Credit

Rdoc.info is (c) 2009 Nick Plante. This code is distributed under the MIT license.

The following individuals have contributed to the project:

* Loren Segal (for YARD)
* Jeff Rafter
* Brian Turnbull

== Contribute

Contributions are welcome and appreciated. See GitHub project issues for a list of specific features that have been requested or discussed.
